cluster 0 contains 2374 points
cluster 1 contains 80 points
cluster 2 contains 361 points
cluster 3 contains 744 points
cluster 4 contains 9 points
cluster 5 contains 1530 points
cluster 6 contains 979 points
cluster 7 contains 418 points
cluster 8 contains 2441 points
cluster 9 contains 908 points
cluster 10 contains 2123 points
cluster 11 contains 1 points
cluster 12 contains 1273 points
cluster 13 contains 10 points
cluster 14 contains 2062 points
cluster 15 contains 4 points
cluster 16 contains 135 points
cluster 17 contains 615 points
cluster 18 contains 2129 points
cluster 19 contains 3918 points
cluster 20 contains 4056 points
cluster 21 contains 1362 points
cluster 22 contains 441 points
cluster 23 contains 360 points
cluster 24 contains 4268 points
cluster 25 contains 54 points
cluster 26 contains 1148 points
cluster 27 contains 4511 points
cluster 28 contains 64 points
cluster 29 contains 3917 points
cluster 30 contains 51 points
cluster 31 contains 983 points
cluster 32 contains 28 points
cluster 33 contains 398 points
cluster 34 contains 8 points
cluster 35 contains 0 points
