cluster 0 contains 641 points
cluster 1 contains 119 points
cluster 2 contains 524 points
cluster 3 contains 450 points
cluster 4 contains 2 points
cluster 5 contains 1767 points
cluster 6 contains 445 points
cluster 7 contains 1468 points
cluster 8 contains 614 points
cluster 9 contains 1528 points
cluster 10 contains 100 points
cluster 11 contains 141 points
cluster 12 contains 1287 points
cluster 13 contains 221 points
cluster 14 contains 2429 points
cluster 15 contains 223 points
cluster 16 contains 718 points
cluster 17 contains 14 points
cluster 18 contains 1982 points
cluster 19 contains 2690 points
cluster 20 contains 2495 points
cluster 21 contains 780 points
cluster 22 contains 3 points
cluster 23 contains 1881 points
cluster 24 contains 168 points
cluster 25 contains 47 points
cluster 26 contains 0 points
